♪ I swam all
around the world ♪
♪ I've seen this ocean
on my own ♪
♪ And then I found
my way to Reeftown ♪
♪ And I knew that
I'd found my home ♪
♪ I met my friend
Bubbles here ♪
♪ Our friendship
is the best ♪
[all]
♪ Oh, dive in ♪
- ♪ Splash and Bubbles ♪
- ♪ Dive in ♪
[all] ♪ We're making friends
in the ocean ♪
♪ Come along with us
and see it all ♪
♪ With pals
like Dunk and Ripple ♪
♪ We'll explore
this world together ♪
[both] ♪ When you share
adventures with your friends ♪
♪ It makes them
so much better ♪
[all] ♪ Oh, dive in,
Splash and Bubbles ♪
- ♪ Dive in ♪
- [all] ♪ We're making friends
in the ocean ♪
♪ In this world
beyond belief ♪
[all] ♪ Come see
the greatest reef ♪
♪ Oh, dive in,
Splash and Bubbles ♪
- ♪ Dive in ♪
- [all] ♪ Start making friends
in the ocean ♪
♪ Come along with us,
dive right in ♪
♪ Da da da da da ♪
Ha! Whoo-hoo!
Yeah! [laughs]
Whoo-hoo! Yeah!
- Hmm, let's see.
- Hey, Dunk.
Well, it looks like
you're not doing anything today,
so do you want to go play
on the slide in Dorsal Park?
Uh, actually,
I was kind of doing something.
- Oh.
- I'm working on my sand art.
Huh?
Oh, yeah, look at that!
Hey, this might be one
of your best sand patterns ever.
- Heya, Dunk!
- Oh!
Do you want to come play
on the slide?
Uh, thanks, Bubbles,
but I'm good. [chuckles]
Hey, Dunk!
Want to play on the slide?
[stammering]
Uh, actually, I was--
Uh, guys, I--I think Dunk
may just want to stay here
and work on his sand art.
Oh, okay.
Well, you know where to find us
if you want some company.
Sure do!
Have fun, guys.
- Goodbye!
- Bye!
[sighs]
Peace and quiet.
[chuckles] Now to work
on my masterpiece...
whatever that's gonna be.
[upbeat music]
♪ I don't know what I'm doing,
I'm just doing it ♪
[chorus] ♪ Do do do do,
he's doing it ♪
♪ I'm playing and I'm jumping,
I'm just moving it ♪
[chorus] ♪ Do do do do,
he's doing it ♪
♪ I don't know what I'm doing,
but I'm getting it done ♪
♪ Everyone can see
that I'm having some fun ♪
♪ And I don't know
what I'm doing ♪
♪ I'm just doing it ♪
Whoo! Whoo! Whoo!
♪ Whatever it is
I'm working on ♪
♪ Well, it's working for me ♪
[chorus]
♪ He's working it out now ♪
♪ I don't worry
if it's right or wrong ♪
♪ I just do, do, do it,
what comes naturally ♪
♪ Every day, I'm coming up
with something new ♪
♪ I'm happy when I do it,
and I like what I do ♪
♪ And I don't know
what I'm doing ♪
♪ I'm just doing it,
doing it ♪
♪ Do, do, do, do,
[laughs] Yeah!
[sighs] So nice.
A little time to relax.
No "Hey, Dunk" this,
or "Hey, Dunk" that, or--
- Hey, Dunk!
- Huh?
- Hey, Mo!
- [laughs]
What are you doing
in Reeftown?
Oh, well,
it's a funny thing.
Or more like a sunny thing.
[groans]
Mo, your side's all red!
I'm afraid it's a sunburn.
You know how I just love
to bask in the sun on my side,
but I guess I spent
a little too much time doing it.
How much time
were you in the sun?
Not that long.
Just the whole day.
Oh, Mo! All day in the sun
is way too much time!
Oh, does it hurt?
Oh, no, it's just sort of
uncomfortable.
But I thought my big,
fearless explorer cousin Dunk
would know where there might be
some nice, cool water
to make my sunburn
feel better.
[gasps]
Did you say fearless explorer?
Uh-huh.
Well, if my cousin Mo
needs some cool waters,
I'll take him
to the coolest place I know.
Oh, wow, I can hardly wait!
[laughs]
Yeah, let's go!
[shivers]
What happened to the sun?
Oh, sorry, Gush.
Mo and I won't be
blocking your sun for long.
We're off to the coolest place
in the whole ocean,
the Arctic!
Oh, have fun!
Eh ...eh, now, where was I?
Oh, yeah. [snoring]
[laughing] Whoa!
[giggling] Whoa-a-a!
Whoo! Ha!
[laughs] Whoa!
[exclaiming] Wow!
- Whoa!
- Whoo!
- [all laughing]
- Let's do that again!
Yeah! [gasps]
Wow.
- What?
- Huh?
Hey, hey, look at this.
Couldn't it fit right in
with Dunk's collection?
Oh, yeah, he would love it!
The last time he found a rock
that nice,
he got so excited,
he puffed up,
and he floated away!
[all laugh]
- Oh, yeah, that was great.
- Yeah.
Dunk is the best.
Yeah, and then
and then he did that thing!
With the other thing!
And then that other thing
happened!
- Yeah, yeah, yeah!
- [all laughing]
[all sigh]
Classic Dunk.
Oh, I wonder
what he's doing now?
Probably just
working on some sand art.
Too bad he's missing out
on all the fun.
Well, if we're missing him,
maybe he's missing us, too?
[gasps]
Only one way to find out!
- Come on, let's go!
- Yeah, Come on!
Whoo-hoo-hoo!
That current was a hoot!
[exhales]
Oh, my! You were right.
This is the coolest place
in the whole ocean. [laughs]
Welcome to the Arctic, Mo.
If cool waters'll make
your sunburn feel better,
this ice-cold water
should make it feel great!
Oh, you're right, cuz.
I can barely feel
my sunburn anymore!
Also, I can barely feel
my fins. [chuckles]
- Is that bad?
- Uh, maybe?
Hey, where are
all your friends?
Don't they usually come
with you on adventures?
Yeah,
they're off playing today.
I wonder what they're doing
right now.
Maybe playing finball?
[gasps]
- Hey, Mo!
- Yeah?
- Want to play a game?
- Oh, boy, do I!
Ha! Aww.
No pebbles around.
[gasps] Ooh.
[crack]
It's called iceball.
- Ooh.
- Here's how you play.
- I'll hit it to you...
- Mm-hmm.
And then you can hit it
back to me.
- Got it!
- Here we go!
Ah.
You missed. I win.
Aww. I only missed
because warm water fish
move slower in cold water.
- That, and ice floats.
- Oh, yeah.
[shivering]
So, uh...
- what should we do now?
- Oh.
Maybe you could use
a few minutes
at the surface in the sun
to warm you up.
Uh, just a few minutes
should be okay.
I can warm myself up
on my non-sunburned side.
Great idea, Mo.
[laughs]
Great ideas run in our family.
Almost there.
[ice cracks]
[exclaims]
You did it!
Uh, sorry, Dunk.
I seem to have run into
something on the surface.
Oh, right.
The surface
is covered in sea ice!
Which makes for
a very nice back scratcher.
- [shivering]
- [gasps] Wait!
I have a friend in the Arctic
who can help us.
Whistler the narwhal!
Now I just got to figure out
how to whistle
so I can call him.
[inhales]
[exhales silently]
Okay, that was just practice.
Let me try again.
[inhales deeply]
[whistling]
[gasps] I did it!
I'm the king of the whistle!
[distant whistling
and clicking]
Huh?
Uh, I didn't do that.
- Hey, cool moves, Dunk!
- [laughs]
[gasps]
Splash, Bubbles, Ripple!
I'm so glad you're here.
- [shivering] Hi!
- Uh, how'd you find us?
Gush told us that you and Mo
were headed to the Arctic.
[gasps] And you came
all the way up here?
Are you kidding?
We would travel to the end
of the Earth to see you.
And we just did.
Yeah! You know us.
We never like to miss out
on an adventure.
But, uh, what are you
doing here?
We're here to cool my sunburn,
and it's working
almost too well,
because now I'm freezing.
Yeah, so now we're trying
to get Mo into the sun
to warm up a bit.
I was trying to call Whistler
by whistling like he does,
but then you guys
did it for me!
But wait, Dunk.
We didn't whistle.
- That's right! I did!
- [gasps]
- Hey, Whistler!
- Whistler!
Hey, there, friends.
[whistling]
What's happening, huh?
Hey, Mo!
This is my friend,
Whistler the narwhal!
Whistler, this is my cousin,
Mo the sunfish!
Pleasure to meet you,
Whistler.
- Likewise!
- Uh, Whistler,
we need to get through
the ice to the surface.
- Can you help us with that?
- Of course!
I am a narwhal, after all.
It's what I do!
Swim back, everybody!
I'm coming through!
- Okay!
- Whoo!
[grunts]
[all excitedly shouting]
[laughter]
That was amazing!
Now I can reach the surface!
[shivering]
- Go for it, Mo.
- This'll warm you right up!
Ooh, oh. Ah!
[shuddering]
Oh....
it doesn't feel warmer.
It feels even colder
here at the surface.
I think your sun is broken,
Whistler.
Oh, the surface
of the Arctic
is even colder
than the water below.
If you're looking for warmth,
you'll have to head
back down south.
Oh, well,
thanks for your help, Whistler.
- Any time, friends! See ya!
- Bye, Whistler!
- Bye!
- Thanks for the help.
- Thank you.
- Good-bye, Whistler.
- Aww,
I didn't realize the surface
temperature in the Arctic
was just as cold as the water.
Oh, it's okay.
As long as I stay
out of the sun for a while,
I'll be as good as new
in no time.
I'm just not cut out
for all this c-c-cold water.
I belong where the water
and the sun are warm.
Sorry, Mo.
I just wanted to make
your sunburn feel better.
Some fearless explorer
I turned out to be.
Are you kidding?
Because of you,
I rode the currents,
explored the frozen Arctic,
and met a narwhal!
If you're not
a fearless explorer,
I don't know who is!
Sounds like an explorer to me!
Wow!
Maybe you guys are right!
I only wish you guys
had been here the whole time.
You make everything more fun!
Well,
we feel the same way, buddy.
Oh, that was just
the sweetest.
I would cry right now,
but my tears are frozen.
[laughs]
Come on, Reeftown Rangers!
Let's get Mo
back to the current,
and let's get us
all back home!
And you know
what the best part is?
- We'll all go back together.
- You said it!
[all cheering]
Okay, okay, okay.
Here are the clues.
- Okay, okay.
- Okay?
I can fit into small places.
I shoot ink at predators.
Blah!
- Ah!
- And I have eight tentacles.
Ah? Ah?
[ all] Uh...
- Octopus!
- Mayor Sting!
- Bingo!
Right! I'm an octopus.
Oh, octopus.
I love playing imagin-ocean,
don't you?
Yeah! Playing a game
and using my imagination--
two of my favorite
things ever.
Me too, Splash.
So who's next?
My turn!
I have a shell.
But I can swim fast.
My head and flippers
are always sticking out.
I love warm water,
and I go on long migrations.
- [all] Sea turtle!
- Yeah!
A sea turtle?
You're not a turtle, Ripple.
You're a seahorse.
- Hey, it's Finny.
- Hi, Finny.
We were just playing
imagin-ocean.
Yeah, you want to play?
Uh,
what's "imagine an ocean"?
It's that game
where we pretend
- to be other creatures.
- Huh?
I guess you never
played before.
Well, we'll show you how.
It's really easy
and so much fun.
Okay, I'll give it a try.
How do I start?
Okay, well, first, you pretend
that you're another fish.
- Huh.
- Close your eyes.
[Dunk]
Just think and imagine.
[Bubbles] Any fish,
and we'll guess what you are!
Hmm, uh, just one question.
How can I pretend
to be another fish
when I am
a mandarin dragonet?
I don't think Finny gets
how to play imagin-ocean.
Yeah, but, uh, maybe
if you describe to Finny
how you can pretend to be
another creature, it'll help?
- Yeah.
Okay, okay.
Okey-dokey, I got one.
Okay.
- Hi, everybody!
- [laughter]
I'm very squishy.
I have lots and lots
of tentacles.
But don't get too close
to my tentacles,
because I can sting!
- Yah! Yah!
- Oh, I know! I know!
What am I?
You're Bubbles!
Uh... but who is Bubbles
pretending to be?
I'm squishy?
I got tentacles?
Huh-huh?
Uh, you give up?
I'm pretending to be
a jellyfish! [laughs]
Oh.
Well, you definitely
described a jellyfish.
But you still
look like Bubbles.
Yeah, but, uh, describing
is part of imagining.
- Oh.
- So, um ...hey!
Why don't you pick a creature
and describe it to us?
And pretend to be it so we can
all guess what you are.
- Yeah.
- Oh, okay.
Um...let's see.
Uh, hello.
Uh, I am green and purple.
And I have, uh,
eyes on my face.
And, uh, I move my fins
really fast like this.
What am I?
Finny, are you describing
a mandarin dragonet?
- Yeah.
- Yes! Yes, exactly!
Good job, Bubbles!
Now I get this game!
Well, isn't there
any other sea creature
you'd want to be,
something you like very much?
I. Love. Fin whales!
[laughs]
I love them so much!
Sometimes I wish
I could be one!
Why do you want to be
a fin whale?
What's so cool about them?
Well, let me start with...
everything!
Fin whales are
the second-longest creature
in the ocean!
Only the blue whale
is longer!
Cool, right?
- Yeah.
- Yeah. I didn't know that.
Fin whales are also called
finback or razorback whales.
Love that. So cool!
And fin whales breathe air!
So they have to go to
the surface way up there
to breathe every few minutes!
How cool is that?
- Really cool.
- So cool.
So, Finny, um, just pretending,
if you were a fin whale,
what would you do,
and how would you move?
[laughs] Oh, that's easy!
Like this.
- Whoa.
- I am a fin whale!
And I'm very large.
But you can call me a finback
or razorback.
Oh, wow, she's doing it!
She's pretending!
[exclaiming]
- Oh.
- Whoa.
- Know what I'm doing now?
- Uh, no.
- I'm eating!
- Oh.
Did you know that we fin whales
don't have teeth?
No way!
I didn't know that.
That's right!
We have baleen instead.
Oh, what's "baleen"?
Oh, well,
fin whales are filter feeders,
and baleen is a filter
to strain food
through bristles
in their mouths!
- Whoa.
- Wow!
You sure know a lot
about fin whales,
Finny the fin whale!
Oh, well, uh-- of course!
I am one!
- [laughter]
- Let's go through Reeftown!
I bet everyone else
will be surprised
to see a fin whale there!
- Yeah!
- Okay!
- Come on, Finny the fin whale!
- Let's go!
- Follow the whale!
- The whale!
- Hi, Mr. Mayor!
- Yeah!
This is our new friend Finny!
She is a huge fin whale!
Nice to meet another
fine citizen of Reeftown,
whatever the size.
Enjoy
our wonderful watery day!
- Thank you, Mayor!
- Okay, the tour continues!
Make way
for Finny the fin whale!
- Yeah!
- Yes, that's right!
And this is Pebble Place.
Cozy, fun.
Great place to hang
with friends like us!
Hmm, Pebble Place.
I like the name.
But as you can see,
I'm a very large whale.
Second-longest!
I remembered.
I don't think there's room
enough for me in this area.
Well, I know
the perfect roomier place
for a big whale,
follow me!
- Ooh.
- Oh, perfect!
Welcome to Take-Off Point!
Now, this area's roomy!
Plus, you can see
the whole ocean from here!
Well, you must have explored
a lot of the ocean
as a fin whale!
Oh, yes, I absolutely have.
I love the big ocean.
[laughter]
[Finny]
Watch out, I'm huge!
Where'd Finny go?
She was just here.
Maybe she's hiding.
[shouting] Finny!!
[voice echoing]
Well, I have to hand it
to Finny.
She's using her imagination
pretty well.
I think she must have gone up
to the surface
to breathe
like a real fin whale.
- Finny!
- Finny, where are you?
- Where'd you go?
- Finny!
Where are you?
[low rumble]
- Oh.
- [gasps]
- Uh...
- Whoa.
- I think she's back?
- Is that...
[gasps] Finny?
- Wow.
- Whoa.
[all] Melody!
I'm so happy to see you all.
Now tell me, who is this Finny
that you mixed me up with?
Another big,
gorgeous fin whale?
Guys,
I love being a fin whale.
It's the--
I don't see the resemblance.
Is that a f-- are you a f--
Yup. Uh, Finny,
this is our friend Melody!
Hi, Finny.
[giggling] Hi!
You're a--
you're a fin whale!
I sure am.
Always have been,
always will be.
Melody, Finny is quite an expert
and truly likes fin whales.
Fin whales use a baleen system
to strain food in their mouths!
And you're the second-longest
creature in the ocean.
A-and fin-- fin whales
migrate all over the world!
Wow, you know a lot about us
fin whales.
- I'm flattered.
- [laughs]
Now that I've met you, I--
I feel like there's so much
more to learn about you!
And I'd like to learn
about you, too, Finny!
You're quite
the fin whale expert.
Thanks, Melody!
Who knew you two
would be such great friends!
- Yeah, who knew!
- [laughing]
[chorus] ♪ Ooh ooh,
ooh ooh ooh ♪
- ♪ I never knew ♪
- ♪ Never knew ♪
♪ I never knew about you ♪
♪ And all of the amazing
things you do ♪
- ♪ Yeah, I know ♪
- ♪ I know ♪
♪ You're different than me ♪
♪ The more I learn
who you are ♪
♪ The more I like what I see ♪
♪ There's so many things
about you ♪
- ♪ I never knew ♪
- ♪ Now I do ♪
- ♪ Yes, I do ♪
- ♪ When I met ya ♪
- ♪ I didn't get ya ♪
[both] ♪ I'd never seen anyone
like you before ♪
♪ So glad I took
another look ♪
♪ Every day I'm learnin'
more and more ♪
- ♪ I never knew ♪
- ♪ Never knew ♪
♪ I never knew about you ♪
♪ And all the incredible
things you do ♪
- ♪ And you know ♪
- ♪ I know ♪
♪ I'm different than you ♪
♪ Day by day ♪
♪ You got to know me too ♪
♪ I have a brand-new
point of view ♪
- ♪ I never knew ♪
- ♪ Now I do ♪
- [both] ♪ Yes, I do ♪
- ♪ Yes, I do ♪
♪ In so many ways,
we're different ♪
♪ In many, many ways
we're not ♪
♪ Ooh ooh ooh ♪
♪ I got to know you
little by little ♪
♪ And little by little,
I found I liked you a lot ♪
- ♪ I never knew ♪
- ♪ Never knew ♪
♪ I never knew about you ♪
[both] ♪ And all of the amazing
things you do ♪
- ♪ Yeah, I know ♪
- ♪ I know ♪
♪ You're different than me ♪
♪ The more I learn
who you are ♪
♪ The more I like what I see ♪
♪ There's so many things
about you ♪
- ♪ I never knew ♪
- ♪ Now I do ♪
- ♪ Yes, I do ♪
- ♪ Whoa ♪
- [laughter]
I wish I could talk more,
but I'm just passing through.
I'm actually off right now
to go see my family.
- Wow!
- That's great, Melody.
- That's so neat!
- I can hardly imagine
what a whole fin whale family
would look like.
So many big,
cool fin whales.
Well, Finny, my family
is headed this way right now,
so you don't have to imagine.
You can see them
with your own two eyes.
- I can?
- Yes, you can,
if you come with me
to meet them.
Want to go?
Yes, yes, yes!
Uh, wait.
Is this for real?
This isn't some pretend game,
is it?
- Oh, it's real.
- Oh, yeah.
- The real deal.
- Go for it.
- You're serious, Melody?
- Very.
- But let's get a move-on.
- Have fun!
Yeah, come back
and tell us everything!
I will!
Fin whales, here we come!
I'll have her back
before dinner.
- Bye-bye!
- I am swimming with a whale!
[upbeat music]
♪ Da da, da da ♪
♪ Ooh-ooh, ooh-ooh ♪
♪ Oooh ♪
♪ Da da, da da ♪
♪ Ooh ooh, ooh ooh ♪
♪ Da da da da da ♪